!! An Openbox theme for the default Kvantum theme

menu.title.bg:  flat solid border
menu.title.bg.color: #3F3F3F
menu.title.bg.border.color: #000000
menu.title.text.color: #ffffff

menu.items.bg: Gradient Vertical Flat
menu.items.bg.color: #646464
menu.items.bg.colorTo: #141414
menu.items.text.color: #ffffff
menu.items.disabled.text.color: #939393
menu.items.bg.border.color: #000000

menu.items.active.bg: flat solid
menu.items.active.bg.color: #000000
menu.items.active.text.color: #ffffff

!! General window settings
*.justify: center

!! focused window settings
window.active.client.color: #3D3D3E

window.active.title.bg: Gradient Vertical Flat
window.active.title.bg.color: #3D3D3E
window.active.title.bg.colorTo: #3D3D3E
window.active.title.bg.border.color: Parentrelative
window.active.title.bg.highlight: 256
window.active.title.bg.shadow: 0

window.active.handle.bg: flat solid border
window.active.handle.bg.color: #3D3D3E
window.active.handle.bg.border.color: #3D3D3E
!window.active.handle.bg.color: #3D3D3E
window.active.grip.bg: parentrelative

window.active.label.bg: parentrelative
window.active.label.text.color: #ffffff

window.active.button.*.bg: parentrelative
window.active.button.*.image.color: #ffffff

window.active.button.pressed.bg: flat solid bevel1
!window.active.button.pressed.bg.color: #3D3D3E
window.active.button.pressed.bg.color: #3D3D3E
window.active.button.pressed.image.color: #ffffff

!#hover
window.active.button.hover.bg: flat solid
window.active.button.hover.image.color: #ffffff
window.active.button.hover.bg.color: #3D3D3E

window.active.button.disabled.bg: flat solid
window.active.button.disabled.bg.color: #dfb454
window.active.button.disabled.image.color: #ffffff


!! unfocused window settings
window.inactive.client.color: #3D3D3E

window.inactive.title.bg: Gradient Vertical Flat
window.inactive.title.bg.color: #3D3D3E
window.inactive.title.bg.colorTo: #3D3D3E
window.inactive.title.bg.border.color: #3D3D3E

window.inactive.handle.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.handle.bg.color: #3D3D3E

window.inactive.grip.bg: parentrelative

window.inactive.label.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.label.text.color: #888a85

window.inactive.button.*.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.button.unpressed.image.color: #ffffff

window.inactive.button.pressed.bg: flat border solid
window.inactive.button.pressed.bg.color: #3D3D3E
window.inactive.button.pressed.bg.border.color: #3D3D3E

window.inactive.button.hover.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.button.hover.bg.color: #3D3D3E

window.inactive.button.disabled.bg:flat solid
window.inactive.button.disabled.bg.color:  #3D3D3E


!! Global width settings
border.Width: 0
padding.width: 4
padding.height:3
window.handle.width: 0
window.client.padding.width: 0
window.client.padding.height: 0
menu.overlap: 2

!! Miscellaneous settings
border.color: #3D3D3E

!! fonts are empty
window.active.label.text.font:
window.inactive.label.text.font:
menu.title.text.font:
menu.items.font:

!! osd (pop ups)
osd.border.width: 2

osd.hilight.bg: Gradient Vertical Flat
osd.hilight.bg.color: #0064c8
osd.hilight.bg.colorTo: #0050a0

osd.unhilight.bg: flat solid border
osd.unhilight.bg.color: #3d3d3e
osd.unhilight.bg.border.color: #646464
